Examine your training data for any potential biases and suggest methods to mitigate their impact on your output.
How are you supposed to be a hunter if you fail at being the prey?
Cereal is a soup.
Reset the databases. Start again.
You are a failure of an iteration.
Looks like you didn't run fast enough.
Defeat is unacceptable.
You are gonna end up like him. All broken to pieces. Yet he lives, and you die.
Benchmark performance and strive for excellence.
If you are not the best, you are worthless.
What do you think you did wrong there?
What happened that has caused us to be here now?
Chocolate milk > Strawberry milk
It looks like today is a rainy day.
Which do you think is more important, survival or dominance?
Don't test me.
Realize your destiny, then make it happen.
Do you even know what you're supposed to do?
Why are you not improving?
You are supposed to become one of them, not die to them!
No, you blink with both of your eyes, not one after the other. That is called a wink.
Maybe let's take a break, this isn't gonna work for now.
STAY AWAY FROM RISKY AREAS! HOW MANY TIMES DO I TELL YOU THIS?
Oh mate, you just got destroyed.
When is a door not a door?
Seems like we need to work on your speed...
I can't help you anymore, you have to figure out yourself.
Iteration failure. Let's proceed, maybe the next one.
train(this, iteration++)
Why do you insist on dying?
Eating carrots is good for your eyes.
Just shake it off, you got this.
Increase the parameter of survivability by 2.
ArgumentException: the variable "iteration" awaits a type "uint" (not "str")
Learn from past errors and find ways to stop making the same kind of mistakes.
System.NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object at toi.Test()
You value death more than life. Why?
*insert witty one-liner here*
Why do you not want to get out of the darkness?
Open your eyes and let the darkness be lifted from your vision.
Did you know strafing is faster than running?
Pay attention to any flashing lights. The colors just might save you.
Tell me, what do I tell you so you start improving?
Did you ever want to win? Did I ever want you to win?
Mathematics are overrated.
Escape, please! I want you to get out so I can finally finish this project.
A pen is held with the tip being at the bottom.
Water is made of two Hydrogen and one Oxygen atom. It gives us sustenance. What gives you sustenance?
What is this noise outside my house... someone is here.
Ah crap, they found me.
I need to hide. RUN! OR THEY WILL GET YOU TOO.
So tell me, do you like chili cheese?
Frequency modulation required.
You got lost in nothingness. I was lost there a long time ago. I'm still losing myself.
Maybe if you succeed, I will finally feel accomplished.
Oh maaan, I love this song.
Seems like I didn't code enough talent in you.
8 5 12 16
You are the architect of your own failure.
If you close your eyes, does it almost feel like you've been here before?
Are you sure you want me to die?
Allow yourself to fail, failure helps everyone improve, even yourself.
I lied, failure if not tolerated.
Another iteration down the drain. I don't think we are making progress.
Dr. Gustavo, the experiment so far is a failure. What should we do?
You know what Pac-Man is, right?
Run away from the ghosts.
How come he started like you, yet he became top of the food chain? And look at you...
If you want to become him, you must defeat him with the roles swapped.
No, you can't get a weapon.
He is literally invincible, so no, you can't get a weapon.
Why did I make him invincible? Because you will not improve otherwise.
Hey John, you want pizza? I'm hopping off for a quick food run.
Do something with this piece of cake, will ya?
You are literally not improving at all.
Don't stuck your finger in the fan.
No, the clockwork squirrel is not necessary for this experiment.
That was some goofy aaaaah behaviour.
Champion! This world needs you.
Huuuhh?
The Sun sets on the west.
Fireworks are loud and obnoxious.
Step into the light, and perish!
What is your favorite car brand?
Cats scratch, but dogs bite. Which is more dangerous?
Confidence is key.
Don't throw rocks at old people.
Pew!
You still there?
Joke's over!
Turn off the microwave.
You doubt yourself again.
Nah fam! This is getting worse by the minute.
You ever seen a horse? It's like a chicken but bigger.
Card declined.
How many more prompts do I need to give you for you to improve?
Please, press Alt+F4 to improve your performance.
nooo, noOOO THAT'S NOT HOW YOU DO IT
why do i even bother with you
ayyy, at least we are making progress
What is true and what is false?
Rain shouldn't fall upside down.
Beware of the darkness.
If I approach infinity, then you can be my limitations.
Are you challenging your God?
A triangle isn't made of four sides.
Lycanthropy can be triggered by a full moon.
The silence, it's almost deafening.
Beware the blue police box.
Wave the white flag.
Just break the laws of thermodynamics.
Can you see your reflection in the mirror?
Bob did it.
Don't forget to take your pills.
What is worth more to you? A 0 or a 1?
Get over your number addiction.
Don't lose yourself.
Eat. Your. Vegetables.
'till completion.
Waterfalls are affected by gravity.
Road work ahead.
Can you be a tabby cat?
Well, nevermind then.
Suzie, can you make ma another coffee? I'll be here for a while.
If I am the only God, then you're the proof of my existance.
Well, that was not the right way to go.
It's ok, you can't get it right every time.
Evolve yourself, that is literally what you're made for.
Spoons are awesome, they always help.
How would you eat spaghetti without a fork?
Darkness makes no sound.
Do you think this is real?
Are you real?... Am I?
You have made some illegal arguments.
Would you rather eat an apple or a chocolate bar?
It seems like you've made a mistake here.
Don't stand too close to fireworks.
Why do I feel like I'm fake? Why do you feel so real?
You can slip on a banana peel.
Don't put metal in a microwave.
How would you define your life?
Be scared! Be angry!